Clarify message truncation (#13068)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/sdk/data-model/event-payloads/message.mdx

: **Required**. The fully formatted message. If missing, Sentry will try to
  interpolate the message.

>   A limit of 8192 characters is exposed in Relay and longer messages will be truncated. Sentry

Reviewer: I think it would be great to clearly state that we recommend letting Relay truncate the message cause it gives us more flexibility.
 ```suggestion
  Relay truncates messages longer than 8192 characters. SDKs should not enforce the limit to allow greater flexibility for the truncation. Sentry
```
